[Music]
breathless made you a star of the new
wave why do you think the French fell in
love with you they fell in love with the
character they get me instead and who is
that who is Jean Seberg
[Music]
million Americans look at you and they
see an escape they want the girl from
the Midwest America's Sweetheart I've
been trying to get away from that girl
my whole life this country is at war
with itself in Vietnam the oppression of
black people in America it's the same
disgusting racism the revolution needs
movie stars who's that some actress just
grabbing some free publicity she has a
history of donations to civil rights
groups
she's a sympathizer sir I think she
could be useful you must be some kind of
crazy to come to this neighborhood and
that car was it my money were chasing
[Music]
they've tapped our phones they're
listening I can hear these little clicks
on the line I think it's the government
where have you been
I kept this late at the office our job
is to cheapen our image of the eyes of
the public there's things that I've been
ordered to do those are pictures from
her bedroom are you having an affair
they're pushing her too hard she's
coming apart this comes from above
Seibert you gotta stop that will destroy
your reputation your family you can't
stand that I might be a part of
something more important than books or
articles or movies what are you a part
of except the end of two marriages oh is
it you swing by your limousine open your
legs and your checkbook and you think
that gives you the right to anything you
want I only ever wanted to help well
that doesn't make you a better person
that makes you a tourist to defame
somebody who speaks out against their
government is the type of persecution
you run around with a handful of nails
looking for a cross to die you deserve
to know the truth
woman has her secrets
[Music]
you